add mermaid documentation (#3)
bcc-code/bcc-documentation-base: docs/deploying-site/vuepress.md

Output:
```mermaid
flowchart LR;
      A-->B;
      A-->C;
      B-->D;
      C-->D;
```

**Flow chart:**  
Example:  
<blockquote>  

    ```mermaid  
        gantt  
        title A Gantt Diagram  
        dateFormat  DD-MM-YY  
        axisFormat %d-%m-%y  
        tickInterval 2day  
        section Section  
        A task           :a1, 01-06-23, 30d  
        after first Task      :after a1  , 20d  
        section Another  
        Task in sec      :01-06-23  , 12d  
        another task      : 24d  
    ```  
</blockquote>

Output:
```mermaid
gantt
    title A Gantt Diagram
    dateFormat  DD-MM-YY
    axisFormat %d-%m-%y
    tickInterval 2day
    section Section
    A task           :a1, 01-06-23, 30d
    after first Task      :after a1  , 20d
    section Another
    Task in sec      :01-06-23  , 12d
    another task      : 24d
```  

**Timeline diagram:**  
Example:
<blockquote>  

    ```mermaid  
        timeline
        title Timeline
        2020 : A
        2021 : B
             : C
        2022 : D
        2023 : E
    ```
</blockquote>    

Output:
```mermaid
timeline
    title Timeline
    2020 : A
    2021 : B
         : C
    2022 : D
    2023 : E
```

> - You can find more options and types of supported charts and diagrams for the Mermaid plugin at the [offical documentation page]("https://mermaid.js.org/intro/").

Reviewer: Quotes are not needed here, I think they will be added to the rendered `<a>` element.

```suggestion
- You can find more options and types of supported charts and diagrams for the Mermaid plugin at the [offical documentation page](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/).
```

> ::: tip
> The mermaid plugin only works on github md files or build!
> :::

Reviewer: I find this tip a bit confusing, do you mean that it also works on Github? In that case I would rewrite it to something like this:

```suggestion
::: tip
Mermaid works both in a rendered VuePress site and when viewing the Markdown files on GitHub.
:::
```

Author: Yes thats what i meant, and your way is better
